It has been a while since the founding of the Crown Prince
How do you feel?
Kaizhuo Father
Internal disaster
And those who clean up the corruption in the court are doing it
The seven of them took control of their leftover girls
Awaiting their negotiation
Not bad, His Royal Highness the Crown Prince, the founding of the country is not bad
But the founding of the country killed several ministers in just one month
Although they are all murderers
But there's some bad things that people say.
You talk about after the flood
A terrible pest has appeared in the folk
The seedlings in the fields of three provinces have been destroyed
People are struggling
Folk Madness
It's the prince's murderous nature
Cause God to send down pest scourge
Warning hero
Such a harmful pest
Prince is valuable
So cruel
The ancients were superstitious and said that this time it was troublesome
Report to the father
Now, this isn't really God's curse.
It's a gift from God to me
God Bless Me Great Xia
So it's the witch of friendship
Report to the father
This is called a crayfish.
The meat is delicious
It tastes good.
It is the delicious food that God has given me in Great Xia